Backport jetpack 15.1-beta Changes (#45382)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 15.1-beta - 2025-10-06
### Enhancements
- Forms: Improve preloading for endpoints. [#45362]

### Bug fixes
- Cookie Consent Widget: Ensure the default widget text can be translated. [#45367]

### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
- Admin Menu: Show `wp-admin` menu of self-hosted Jetpack sites in Calypso. [#45336]
- Editor assets endpoint: Optimize URL processing. [#45358]

> - Garden Sites: Exposes the `garden_is_provisioned` flag on the site endpoint. [#45321]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Admin Menu: Use original menu order for self-hosted Jetpack sites in Calypso. [#45358]
- Editor assets endpoint: Optimize URL processing. [#45358]
- Garden Sites: Expose the `garden_is_provisioned` flag on the site endpoint. [#45321]
```
